## Epiche Frasi del Cinema
Questo e il sito per l'Alexa skill **Epiche frasi del Cinema** . Si prega di scaricare dall'amazon store



## Privacy Policy

Mario Robert D'Ambrosio built the Epiche Frasi del cinema app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Mario Robert D'Ambrosio at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Epiche Frasi del cinema unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)







<h1>Terms and Conditions ("Terms")</h1>


<p>Last updated: December 29, 2018</p>


<p>Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the https://mariord.github.io/epiche-frasi-del-cinema/ website (the "Service") operated by Epiche Frasi del Cinema ("us", "we", or "our").</p>

<p>Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.</p>

<p>By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. The Terms and Conditions agreement  for Epiche Frasi del Cinema is based on the <a href="https://termsfeed.com/blog/sample-terms-and-conditions-template/">TermsFeed's Terms and Conditions Template</a>.</p>




<h2>Links To Other Web Sites</h2>

<p>Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Epiche Frasi del Cinema.</p>

<p>Epiche Frasi del Cinema has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Epiche Frasi del Cinema shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.</p>

<p>We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.</p>




<h2>Governing Law</h2>

<p>These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Italy, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.</p>

<p>Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.</p>


<h2>Changes</h2>

<p>We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.</p>

<p>By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.</p>


<h2>Contact Us</h2>

<p>If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.</p>
